README.md, before:

# Responsive Retro Snake Game

A classic snake game built with a modern tech stack, featuring power-ups, a scoring system, and a responsive design for both desktop and mobile devices.

## Features

- **Classic Snake Gameplay:** Enjoy the timeless fun of the snake game.
- **Power-ups:** Spice up the game with exciting power-ups like speed boost, slow motion, double points, and shrink.
- **Scoring System:** Compete for the high score with a combo and level-based scoring system.
- **Sound Effects:** Immersive sound effects for game actions.
- **Dark Mode:** Switch between light and dark themes for a comfortable viewing experience.
- **Responsive Design:** Play on your desktop or mobile device with a fully responsive interface.
- **How to Play:** A handy guide to get you started with the game rules and controls.

## Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your machine.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your_username_/project_repo.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory
    ```sh
    cd snake_race-main
    ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Run the development server
    ```sh
    npm run dev
    ```

## Developer

- **Pallavi** - [https://github.com/pallavi081](https://github.com/pallavi081)

Commit message:

for deploy on vercel create code for it

README.md, after:

# Responsive Retro Snake Game

A classic snake game built with a modern tech stack, featuring power-ups, a scoring system, and a responsive design for both desktop and mobile devices.

## Features

- **Classic Snake Gameplay:** Enjoy the timeless fun of the snake game.
- **Power-ups:** Spice up the game with exciting power-ups like speed boost, slow motion, double points, and shrink.
- **Scoring System:** Compete for the high score with a combo and level-based scoring system.
- **Sound Effects:** Immersive sound effects for game actions.
- **Dark Mode:** Switch between light and dark themes for a comfortable viewing experience.
- **Responsive Design:** Play on your desktop or mobile device with a fully responsive interface.
- **How to Play:** A handy guide to get you started with the game rules and controls.

## Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your machine.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your_username_/project_repo.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory
    ```sh
    cd snake_race-main
    ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Run the development server
    ```sh
    npm run dev
    ```

## Deployment

This project can be easily deployed to [Vercel](https://vercel.com/).

1. Sign up for a [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) account.
2. Install the Vercel CLI.
    ```sh
    npm install -g vercel
    ```
3. From the project root, run the `vercel` command.
    ```sh
    vercel
    ```
4. Follow the on-screen instructions to link your project to Vercel and deploy it.

## Developer

- **Pallavi** - [https://github.com/pallavi081](https://github.com/pallavi081)
